This is a snake type game where the aim is to last as long as you can!
In Cube Hero you will appear on the screen at first with a length of 3. You can get points by collecting Powerups. There are 7 different types of Powerup, that each do something different. Some Powerups also give you points! To collect Powerups just run into them! They look like small single coloured orbs on the screen and each has a unique icon.
The main source of points is staying alive. You will earn points every turn you are alive, but note that the larger you are the more points you will earn! Be careful though as if you hit the side of the screen, hit your own body or you are too small you will die. Snakes must be 3 sections long as a minimum to be alive.
There are also enemy snakes! Your snake will be green whilst they will be orange. You can bite into enemy snakes and grow by half the length you manage to eat. Careful though as if you run into the head of an enemy snake they will eat you! You will also earn points for eating other snakes and you can kill other snakes if you eat enough of them.
You can save your game half way through by opening the menu and clicking Save. This save can be continued any time by reloading the game. If you lose the game though your current save will be lost! Your highest score will be added to the scoreboard. All progress is lost when you lose a game.
You can also customise the controls and change the difficulty level of the game at any time from the settings window. This can be reached in the login screen, once logged in, or from the pause menu when in a game.
There are some hidden functions in Cube Hero also. From the menu you can enter cheat codes and if you press [b] (or your equivalent control) you can activate the boss screen. The boss screen will pause your game and place a different screen to hide your game! This is incase you're playing at work, to hide from your boss!
The basic controls for the game are W: up, D: right, A: Left, S: Down, E: Pause, B: Boss screen.